TST: added windows to CI (#88)
pysat/pysatMadrigal: CHANGELOG.md

[0.1.X] - 2023-XX-XX
--------------------
* Enhancements

>   * Moved the NGDC AE index Instrument from the general Madrigal Pandas
>     instrument to it's own, fixing the Windows memory issue and a problem
>     with duplicated times

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Moved the NGDC AE index Instrument from the general Madrigal Pandas
    instrument to a new one, fixing the Windows memory issue and a problem
    with duplicated times
```
